docs: site fixes (#464)
NVIDIA-NeMo/Evaluator: docs/nemo-fw/index.md

(nemo-fw-overview)=

# About NeMo Framework Integration

Specialized guides for evaluating models trained or deployed using NeMo Framework. These pages cover advanced evaluation scenarios, including log-probability-based evaluation, custom task configuration, and extending the evaluation environment with additional NVIDIA Eval Factory packages.

## Before You Start

Before using these guides, ensure you have:

1. **NeMo Framework environment**: Docker image or local installation
2. **Deployed model**: NeMo checkpoint deployed and accessible

> 3. **NeMo Eval installed**: Core evaluation packages (`nvidia-lm-eval` is pre-installed in NeMo Framework Docker)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **NeMo Evaluator installed**: NeMo Evaluator and core evaluation packages (like `nvidia-lm-eval`) are pre-installed in NeMo Framework Docker)
```
